Update blitz-next docs (#780)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: app/pages/docs/blitzjs-next.mdx

An object with the [`gSSP`](#blitzjs-next-gssp), [`gSP`](#blitzjs-next-gsp) & [`api`](#blitzjs-next-api) wrappers.

### Custom Server {#custom-next-server}

> The Blitz CLI supports running custom Next.js servers. This means you can compile typescript and use the blitz cli to inject env variables. By default, the CLI checks for `server/index.ts` or `server.ts`

Reviewer: Why not javascript? You only mention TypeScript. Also, you should link to Next.js docs

_For more information about Next.js API routes, visit their docs at
[https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction)_

## Concepts {#blitzjs-next-concepts}

### Authenticate user before page loads {#authenticate-users-on-page-load}

You may want to check if the user is logged in before your page loads. We’re going to use the `getCurrentUser` query inside `getServerSideProps()` by calling the query directly. Then you can check if the user is logged in on the server and use the built-in Next.js redirect property.

```ts

> ...

Reviewer: What are these dots?

import { Routes, BlitzPage } from "@blitzjs/next"
import { gSSP } from "app/blitz-server"
import getCurrentUser from "app/users/queries/getCurrentUser"

export const getServerSideProps = gSSP(async ({ctx}) => {
  const currentUser = await getCurrentUser(null, ctx)

  if(currentUser) {
    return {
     props: {
      user: currentUser
     }
    }
  } else {
    return {
      redirect: {
        destination: Routes.LoginPage(),
        permanent: false
      }
    }
  }

})
...
```

### Return types when data fetching on the server {#data-fetching-types}

> You can set the types returned from the Next.js data fetching functions. All Blitzjs wrappers for the Nextjs functions accept a generic. Same with the `BlitzPage` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the types returned from the Next.js data fetching functions. All Blitz.js wrappers for the Next.js functions accept a generic. Same with the `BlitzPage` type.
```

So for example, we can use some typescript utilities to help use get the types returned by `getCurrentUser()`

```ts

> ...

Author: The dots are abbreviation. Should I remove?

import { Routes, BlitzPage } from "@blitzjs/next"
import { gSSP } from "app/blitz-server"
import getCurrentUser from "app/users/queries/getCurrentUser"

type TCurrentUser = Awaited<ReturnType<typeof getCurrentUser>>

export const getServerSideProps = gSSP<{user: TCurrentUser}>(async ({ctx}) => {
  const currentUser = await getCurrentUser(null, ctx)

  if(currentUser) {
    return {
     props: {
      user: currentUser
     }
    }
  } else {
    return {
      redirect: {
        destination: Routes.LoginPage(),
        permanent: false
      }
    }
  }

})

const Page: BlitzPage<{user: TCurrentUser}> = ({user}) => {
  return (
    <Layout title="Page">
      <div className="container">
        <p>User Page</p>
        {user && <p>{user.email}</p>}
      </div>
    </Layout>
  )
}

export default Page

> ...

Reviewer: ??
